Add Promscale with Timescale cloud docs (#1658)
timescale/docs: promscale/installation/promscale-with-timescale-cloud/binary.md

---
title: Install Promscale Connector as binary with Timescale cloud
excerpt: Install Promscale from source on bare metal
product: promscale
keywords: [analytics]
tags: [install]
related_pages:
  - /promscale/:currentVersion:/guides/resource-recomm/
  - /promscale/:currentVersion:/send-data/
---

import PromscaleSendData from 'versionContent/_partials/_promscale-send-data.mdx';

# Install Promscale from binary

> You can install Promscale from a pre-complied binary on any operating systems. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Promscale from a pre-compiled binary on any operating system. The
```
